
# This Thing Called Life: Nutrition

### Why hello there :)

## Motivation:
This is a project dedicated to simplifying the process of meal-prepping and
cooking. As someone who does meal-prepping often, counting your macros can be a
hellish process, especially if you are an undergraduate who has only been
cooking for the past couple years :)

## The Process At A Glance:
As I go about my life and try new recipes, I am hoping to put them in this repo
so others may have an easier time with the process of meal-prepping and/or
cooking. Unlike most cooking websites that have some extra dialogue around the
preparation of the food, this project should not, besides the notes section of
each recipe. Those are very easy to ignore and don't take up 3/4 of the dang
recipe :)

## End Goal:
My end goal is to calculate my BMR/TDEE (Basal Metabolic Rate/Total Daily
Energy Expenditure) [which is a rough estimate of how many calories I need to
eat a day to bulk/cut] and then receive a few auto-generated meal plans for my
week. Does this mean that I will have to manually try out dozens of recipes and
manually enter them (and their macros) into the repo? Yes! Which is why I am
starting this now when I am 20 and not when I'm 35. The goal is 1 recipe a week,
however that might not happen. At any rate, the goal is to only meal-prep foods
that are recorded. So if nothing is updated for a couple of weeks, it is most
likely because I am eating previously added recipes, which happens.

## Also also also End Goal:
Pair this with a workout app, that together, can offer a more wholesome look at
one's fitness. Imagine all of your fitness data in one ecosystem. You might
actually notice trends with how you perform in the gym! If you journal during
this process, you might also be able to notice how your nutrition has effected
your mood or day-to-day. Regardless, I'm hoping to make some ballin
visualizations that should hopefully make This Thing Called Life a bit easier
when it comes to staying in shape : )
